_pages/splash-page.md, before:

---
title: "We Focus on Your Vision"
layout: splash
classes:
  - landing
permalink: /
date: 2020-04-08
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/splash.jpg
  actions:
    - label: "Contact Us Today!"
      url: /contact-page/

excerpt: "The Associated Eye Physicians practice has grown to encompass several offices, across New Jersey and New York City, maintaining the family-oriented ambiance that allows the team to work behind the scene to deliver personalized eye care."

intro: 
  - title: 'Our Mission'
    excerpt: "Associated Eye Physicians is a team of experienced board-certified ophthalmologists and optometrists dedicated to providing comprehensive and personalized eye care to patients of all ages. We use the latest laser technology and treatments to diagnose and provide the best possible care for eye diseases and vision correction. Our team committed to providing our patients with a warm, friendly, and professional experience."


feature_row_physicians:
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/alessandra_bertolucci.jpeg
  title: "Alessandra Bertolucci, MD, FAAO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#alessandra-bertolucci-md-faao"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/michael_landolfi.jpeg
  title: "Michael Landolfi, DO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#michael-landolfi-do"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/albert_zazzali.jpeg
  title: "Albert Zazzali, MD, FAAO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#albert-zazzali-md-faao"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/jennifer_vicente.jpeg
  title: "Jennifer A Vicente, OD FAAO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#jennifer-a-vicente-od-faao"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/kaitlyn_kolzow_reda.jpeg
  title: "Kaitlyn Kolzow Reda, OD"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#kaitlyn-kolzow-reda-od"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/thomas_materna.png
  title: "Thomas Materna, MD, FAAO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#thomas-materna-md-faao"
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="justify" %}

<div class="feature_row_physicians">
  <h1>We are Associated Eye Physicians</h1>
  {% include feature_row id="feature_row_physicians" %}
</div>

Commit message:

services page added and eyeglass page added

_pages/splash-page.md, after:

---
title: "We Focus on Your Vision"
layout: splash
classes:
  - landing
permalink: /
date: 2020-04-08
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/splash.jpg
  actions:
    - label: "Contact Us Today!"
      url: /contact-page/
    - label: "Services Offered"
      url: /services/

excerpt: "The Associated Eye Physicians practice has grown to encompass several offices, serving northern New Jersey: Clifton, Elizabeth, Newark, Pompton Lakes, and Westfield. All while maintaining the family-oriented ambiance that allows the team to work behind the scene to deliver personalized eye care."

intro: 
  - title: 'Our Mission'
    excerpt: "Associated Eye Physicians is a team of experienced board-certified ophthalmologists and optometrists dedicated to providing comprehensive and personalized eye care to patients of all ages. We use the latest laser technology and treatments to diagnose and provide the best possible care for eye diseases and vision correction. Our team committed to providing our patients with a warm, friendly, and professional experience."


feature_row_physicians:
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/alessandra_bertolucci.jpeg
  title: "Alessandra Bertolucci, MD, FAAO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#alessandra-bertolucci-md-faao"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/michael_landolfi.jpeg
  title: "Michael Landolfi, DO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#michael-landolfi-do"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/albert_zazzali.jpeg
  title: "Albert Zazzali, MD, FAAO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#albert-zazzali-md-faao"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/jennifer_vicente.jpeg
  title: "Jennifer A Vicente, OD FAAO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#jennifer-a-vicente-od-faao"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/kaitlyn_kolzow_reda.jpeg
  title: "Kaitlyn Kolzow Reda, OD"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#kaitlyn-kolzow-reda-od"
- image_path: /assets/images/providers/thomas_materna.png
  title: "Thomas Materna, MD, FAAO"
  btn_label: "Read More"
  btn_class: "btn--primary" 
  url: "/providers/#thomas-materna-md-faao"
---
{% include feature_row id="intro" type="justify" %}

<div class="feature_row_physicians">
  <h1>We are Associated Eye Physicians</h1>
  {% include feature_row id="feature_row_physicians" %}
</div>
